All right.
Welcome back my dear student just because I want to add a really cool functionality here to all blow
media and want to do it in a quick way and I want to actually upload multiple files.
Let's actually use a plugin.
So let's go and let's go and use drugs or I think I used that in one of my courses.
Pretty cool plug in.
Let's see if they stay or if they are still available dropsonde.
Yes.
All right.
They are still available if they're not.
Let me know we'll use another one but
it looks pretty cool right here.
OK.
So that's what we're going to be using all right.
You can you can check it out see how it works.
Oh blow far here.
It's pretty cool stuff but I already know how it works.
So I got to do that.
So I got to say Drop Zone see the m because I had to do this fast.
I don't want to download the library and this go to the first one there.
Let's see if we can find another one here.
Oh this is fine.
And going to copy can do the mini version.
Let's copy it there.
All right.
All right cool.
And I'm going to come here to my Create blade file and I'm going to see a section footer or I could
say scripts actually if I want to like the scripts.
All right.
And like I say stop here.
And then you sign up pasted in there.
And this script is C S C R
script
.
That's weird.
Source.
There we go.
I was wondering why did they not do it and let's do it again because I lost my clipboard.
All right so I'm going to paste that in there.
OK.
Now I want to go here and say we're going to open another section
section.
I'm going to call this stylus.
And the reason why I'm doing this is so that this style is only run on this page and we don't have a
lot of requesting our application.
OK link see SS And let's go and get this CSSA version of it
to him.
What does it mean if my version of C says right here right beside the one you don't have to get.
I mean if I versions you don't want to.
All right.
Cool.
So now here for content I'm going to open up a form of form.
I don't need the whole form.
We're going to go to the store.
And we're going to go to an medius controller and we've got to give this a class here.
So this is do it right here.
Class drop zone and the well the reason why we give it a class is so that way.
Dropzone can actually work.
That's the way we link it right post and this would be we don't even need actually this button here
we just need that.
OK.
And let's try it.
All right.
That's one thing that we got to do we've got to do golpe actually do we we don't need to do golpe for
some reason it's not working here.
This is Inspector real quick.
It's looks like he's working as do you pitch sores
.
We don't got us down there.
Well we have we don't have the styles so let's actually do go up here.
All right Steve that makes it work in our application.
Real quick right.
No no no that's not gonna make it work we're not compiling anything but this is we're that is not
unless we have it in the wrong page you know we have it in the right page.
We should be seeing something on our page as the page source again
you see the form here for this to all Oh of course you know we're doing dropzone here.
We're doing golpe for some reason I don't know why I'm thinking that we had a local local file.
All right.
And not only that but I was thinking that we had it in the assets directory.
Sorry about that guys.
Well we need to do is we need to go back in yield this without having you this yet.
That's why it's not showing.
All right.
So that's what happens when you have a lot of hours like me today of coding.
And I actually have a lot of hours all the time.
So let's go to see I went blank there for a minute.
That happens resources fuse layouts.
And then we go to admin and this is where we yield.
OK.
So we want to yield that right after this lives.
All right.
Well we have a fuller one here.
We should have just used that.
That's OK.
Let's use that this use footer.
And this is this too.
We're now using this anywhere else.
Guys let's change that to scripts and see.
Now if we can see it here.
There we go.
All right.
Let's go back here and let's put the stylus here and there we go styles and let's refresh and you can
see that that's there.
We go back here and we got it.
All right.
All right guys I'm sorry for that little hook up there.
I'm going to go get myself some rest.
And I said yes if you've been courting for a while you had to get some rest.
OK.
Anyway it's been a pleasure.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I see you on the next lecture